Analytics FT doc: default page (#291)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Analytics.rst

.. _Analytics:

############################
Working with Analytics
############################

> In this chapter, we will introduce the analytics application which allows you to analyze data and then make an idea about the platform usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this chapter, we will introduce the eXo Analytics application which lets you to get data insights  about the usage of your digital workplace.
```

> .. note:: To be able to access analytics pages, you should be part of the group /platform/analytics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Access to Analytics pages, requires membership in the group /platform/analytics
```

The chapter will present these themes:

> -  :ref:`Default analytics page <defaultPage>`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :ref:`Main Analytics Dashboard <defaultPage>`  
```

.. _defaultPage:

========================

> Default analytics page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main Analytics Dashboard
```

========================

> When accessing the analytics application from the application center, you will be redirected to the "analytics" page which contains four charts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click Analytics from the Application Center, to access the main analytics  dashboard. It contains four charts:
```

> -  Distinct logins: represents the count of users who logged in the platform per day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Distinct logins**: represents the count of users who logged in the platform per day
```

> -  Users count: shows the users number (external and internal) in the platform per day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Users count**: shows the users number (external and internal) in the platform per day
```

> -  Spaces count: shows the number of spaces in the platform per day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Spaces count**: shows the number of spaces in the platform per day
```

> -  Activities: represents a pie chart of the activities made on the platform by module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Activities**: represents a pie chart of the activities made on the platform by module
```
